Peak, come and chat with dad
screen
Screen screen
What are you thinking, child?
Dad
Is that really you?
Of course, Ancestor didn't lie to me.
I'm really back
What is this kid talking about?
Married to keep out the cold
Are you confused?
Why are you here?
how
Shouldn't I come to see your son's wedding?
So today I'm going to kill the grass and roots
You can't turn over if you have something to do.
You fool is as crazy as your father
Since I'm here today
Just come prepared
Tread the mountain Yunzong, I am bound to win
You are no match for him
Let Dad deal with him for five days
This time, change the child to protect you Yi Feng
I won't leave you alone this time
I've thought about keeping out the cold
No matter if you call me Jiang Bailian or Yu Han
I am happy
Are you really keeping out the cold?
I am the reincarnation of Jiang Bailian
After reincarnation, a birthmark sealed my meridians
You cannot learn Taoism
But I still met you in the dark
What are you talking about?
My child has a lot to say to you.
When he is solved
I'll tell you slowly
Losers die